Helena Rouhe: Hello.
Galaxy S7: Hi, can you hear me. Yeah. Now I can. Okay, perfect.
Helena Rouhe: Well, it's good to see you.
Galaxy S7: You too.
Galaxy S7: I made it on time.
Helena Rouhe: Made it on time early then
Fantastic.
Helena Rouhe: So let's start with just kind of a general check in. How was your weekend or things going. And then we'll get into other things.
Galaxy S7: Okay. Um, it went pretty good I am. I remember, but I was I've been trying to get in to the work with the Census Bureau and I got enough job all yesterday, so I'm really excited.
Okay.
Galaxy S7: So,
Helena Rouhe: Oh, thank you for
Helena Rouhe: While I'm waiting for you to freeze. This is Jennifer. Jennifer
Helena Rouhe: Scheer, sorry.
Helena Rouhe: Kara G you E RA and we're actually doing an assessment session or an initial visit. So we'll do a check in and then we're going to do an initial
Look,
Helena Rouhe: Oh no, I can't hear you.
Jennifer G: Can you hear me now. Yep. Now,
Jennifer G: It got it froze on your face died or blank. I don't know what happened.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, that's what happens if you lose service. So go to a spot where you can hang
Jennifer G: Out that will be
Jennifer G: I was trying to find a better
Jennifer G: That service right here in this area, but
Helena Rouhe: He will have headphones.
Jennifer G: I don't today, but I am alone. Here I am visiting family and I didn't bring them with me. So I am so
Helena Rouhe: It can sometimes contribute to service issues if your mic is working hard on your phone, working hard. So hopefully we won't have any further issues.
Helena Rouhe: Okay.
Helena Rouhe: So you said you got the census job.
Jennifer G: Yeah. Fantastic. When
Helena Rouhe: Do you get when are you starting that
Jennifer G: within four days of the phone call. I'll get an email 16
Jennifer G: You know, the next steps is where they'll give us the address to where we
Jennifer G: Go for training so
Jennifer G: Within the next 40 days.
Jennifer G: I hope soon.
Jennifer G: Okay, excited. They said, We can work 35 hours a week, so
Okay.
Jennifer G: That's good.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, okay, good.
Helena Rouhe: So what have you been doing for income up to this point.
Jennifer G: I do get spousal support and okay
Jennifer G: And
Jennifer G: It's okay. I mean I have to pay rent and everything. So it takes a big chunk of it, but I mean this is going to help me so much to get totally back on my feet.
Jennifer G: Yes, everything wrong right when I got divorced my car's engine blew up so I and without a car to on top of that, you know, ever since I left him and everything. So it's been awful. So this is really going to help me get back to Philly normal
Jennifer G: So, yeah.
Helena Rouhe: Good. Um, so the sense of shops, they are not forever, but they're at least for several months, right, or a years
Some potential
Helena Rouhe: Alright, we're back.
Galaxy S7: Hello.
Yep.
Galaxy S7: And I went and got my neighbor. And so it is a headphone. I don't know if that's
Galaxy S7: A problem. It's just my phone keeps blacking out and with yummy.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, it's probably it hopefully this will help
Galaxy S7: I hope so.
Galaxy S7: Oh my gosh.
Helena Rouhe: Okay, we'll try and also find a spot where you can you know best service and you can just let it be and not moving around and you're not moving around very much
Helena Rouhe: They won't have to work so hard.
Galaxy S7: To stay
Galaxy S7: Service. I'm gonna stay right here.
Okay.
Helena Rouhe: So,
Helena Rouhe: We're gonna go back in time a little bit and go over things because we didn't have an opportunity to do an assessment session or intake session when you first kind of joined. Oh, you're frozen again.
Helena Rouhe: We're back.
Galaxy S7: Oh my gosh. Um, I don't know what it was I put myself on the charger, my phone just keeps dying out and going straight off. I don't know. Power wet but
Galaxy S7: I wasn't looking see
Helena Rouhe: Let's see. Let's see if this works better, or to add something here really quickly, which. Okay. Okay. All right, here we are.
Helena Rouhe: So we're going to go back into time a little bit and talk a little bit about what you brought you to bright heart, since we didn't have the opportunity to go over that when you first join
Helena Rouhe: Just because I need to dot the i's and cross the t's over here. And now I have puppies. It's all turned around. Sorry, fix that really quickly.
Helena Rouhe: So what originally brought you to us.
Galaxy S7: I
Galaxy S7: Wasn't rehab up three years ago in February, so it's been about three years and I'm at that time it was for hills is taking pain pills.
Galaxy S7: Okay.
Galaxy S7: And abusing stuff and then I never went back to those I I honestly, they're not on the streets anymore. You can't buy them, but I just that getting sick off that all the time. It was awful and
Galaxy S7: I've stayed off of those. But I started
Galaxy S7: When I had moved into one of the when I got divorced I rented a room and they were all doing heroin and I started doing that. And then I got hooked right away.
Galaxy S7: That I needed it. I'd be sick, so I was
Hurt.
Galaxy S7: I said three months and I just got into this program, but to keep me off of it and that you know
Galaxy S7: Because I never I got myself of it by myself. So I felt like I needed more help. And I, when I finally she wasn't speaking to me for a while.
Galaxy S7: Because of my addiction. So when I moved into my mom is where I live now, and she said she wants me to be going to meetings or something like that. So that's when I looked for this program.
Galaxy S7: Okay. And actually it was a nurse. When I did go to the hospital because I was so sick. And I heard that they give out. They have a program where they do Suboxone so I went there and she referred me here.
Okay.
Helena Rouhe: Sorry, of course, everybody's in quiet and settled until now.
Helena Rouhe: So, okay. So then, and we've been kind of talking and I think it took you a little while to get settled in. There was a lot of kind of family stuff going on and just helping you kind of continue to find your priorities and self care and what
Helena Rouhe: To do to adjust and we've been talking to about going to more support meetings and you talked about that last week in group how that continued to go are you doing with attending 12 steps that are going to church or, all that good stuff.
Thank you.
Helena Rouhe: Hello. Hello.
Jennifer G: Hey there.
Yep.
Helena Rouhe: We're gonna get through this eventually
Jennifer G: It keeps getting out like it. Well, not cutting out. It keeps freezing and then then it dies. It's weird. That's never happened before with you guys ever
Helena Rouhe: If you have week service. And that's, that's what's going to happen. So we might have to have you stop your video, just so I can say connected to audit totally
Jennifer G: So, okay, okay. Just yeah I don't want it to keep cutting out like that because, yeah, let me turn my my phone all the way off. And then I have to turn it on again. So it's like, oh my god.
Helena Rouhe: Alright, so I'm going to go ahead and stop your or yeah if you want to go ahead and stop your video or I can do it for you. And then we'll see if the audio will stay connected
Helena Rouhe: Okay. All right, we'll see how this goes.
Helena Rouhe: Okay. Okay, so, um, how are you doing with your support group. Are you still able to attend. What's going on with that right now.
Jennifer G: Yeah, it's them every day and I just didn't know yet my schedule is going to be with work. So I'm not sure. Yeah, I just going to make sure to
Jennifer G: Because I know they have them every day but not know if they have different times. Like if I'm getting. I don't even know if I'm going to be working in the evenings. They said sometimes
Jennifer G: I will be in the evenings, though, I just got to make sure to. I know there's another group, though, because that was like a religious planet called safe, non so I know there's other places. If that doesn't work out with the work schedule and I still
Jennifer G: I was thinking about that if I have to find another place. Maybe if the meetings are in conflict with work. So, um,
Jennifer G: But yeah, they're they're real little groups and very little people go, but it's still, you know, it's the same
Jennifer G: You know, you get the encouragement.
Jennifer G: Yeah, you know that I needed.
Jennifer G: Yeah. So yeah, I really do. I like them. I good
Helena Rouhe: And maybe you can go ahead, while you're waiting for the work schedule to come together, maybe you can go ahead and start researching what your options are so that way you don't have to try and figure that out later. You just have everything
Helena Rouhe: Printed out, ready to go. See, you know what you're you know what you can do on any given day.
Jennifer G: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Jennifer G: Good.
Helena Rouhe: So,
Helena Rouhe: Kind of, tell me a little bit more about your history with usage. So you three years ago you were in residential treatment program to to abuse of pills and prior to that. Had you had any other kind of treatment or any other history with using
Jennifer G: I'm not with any treatments. Before that I had never I had always said I would never do that. Never go into any kind of program, but before that.
Jennifer G: No, I, I wasn't even I always thought I was allergic to, like, like it in and stuff. Because when I was 18 I had a root canal and I
Jennifer G: It made me throw up. So I was actually scared to use them all these years. So before that I did, and I was quite a week and a lot but not I didn't have issues with anything else. Until then, and that was a big seven year six year
Jennifer G: Time of my life. I was like, just non stop with that.
Helena Rouhe: Okay, so six or seven years of using before you went into treatment.
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, okay. And have you gone back or have you been using marijuana since then.
Jennifer G: I have here in there, not not daily and I like I don't even have like
Jennifer G: I said, like a collection of pipes and all that. I don't even like I don't own that I'm like one of them I don't own a pipe or anything. And I'm like, the last time I did it was because I was offered it and like in a bad commercial and so I you know took one hit. But like I
Jennifer G: At Simon, the same as before, like it was just me like 24 hours a day, and that was and I basically was doing that because at the time. My husband was like
Jennifer G: Like it was like, well, you can do this, you know, this is OK to do instead of, you know, the pills. So that was like my constellation price for a while then here's how I look at it.
Helena Rouhe: And how has it been going with the methamphetamine can find me all day he was kind of struggling with that a little bit.
Jennifer G: Yeah yeah that was because I was seeing someone that and this sells it and that was I, I got him out of my life to
Jennifer G: Call him.
Jennifer G: Um, it's been about a week and a half, and he won't leave me alone and all that stuff, you know, calls and calls. So I blocked him and he just shows up and stuff like that. So I'm like, right now I'm visiting family and to get away.
Jennifer G: For him, so I get the hint that I told them you know I can't be around anything like that. And he's the same way, but with
Jennifer G: Like with marijuana but with and then better me like you're okay to do that. Like this is okay. You know, like, just don't. Do you know the other one. And I'm like,
Jennifer G: I don't want to be around anyone that's like it's okay to do any of that, you know,
Why
Jennifer G: And I just, it bothers me that that they're like, well, you can do this. So he would actually just look when I told him I was draining this program.
Jennifer G: Oh, here you go. You know, like this, you can have this. So yeah, that's why I was messing around with that, but I don't have any right now, or I'm haven't been around it.
Helena Rouhe: Okay, so you currently don't have any mess in the house and you don't have any any access to it at this time. Is that correct,
Helena Rouhe: And
Helena Rouhe: Have you thought about kind of going into maybe a sober living situation or something. Is he kind of added support or do you feel like you're not at that point right now.
Jennifer G: I'm I think I'm doing okay is now that I am with you guys and I, you know, have to make appointment. Keep appointments and like group and stuff. I am
Jennifer G: And and we are tested. I think that that's what I needed right now like to just completely or be able to say, like, no, I have to answer these people
Jennifer G: Are you know what I mean, like, I wanna, I don't want to fail kind of name like I can't do this. I can't be involved with that right now I have to answer. So I do. I like that. And it's, it's, you know, it's been going good so far, like
Jennifer G: I haven't smoked in a while, either. And I know it stays in the system long and it came up the doctor told me, but um yeah I haven't
Jennifer G: Been around and when I'm around it. Of course, yeah. It's like a temptation. Just because just because of its. They're like, oh, you know. So yeah, it's been obviously not around is way better way better.
Jennifer G: So right now I like this is a lot. Honestly, to have the answer to, and I i think it's it's good.
Jennifer G: Because when I went to treatment. They just strip so much away where I like I wouldn't be able to work and all that.
Jennifer G: And that's been one of my goals for a long time, is to get a job and and you know, meet my goals of getting a car and getting back at my feet and not feeling like something while so i i right now. I think this is what I needed. And if I was like
Jennifer G: If I I know when I when I feel like when I know like I need to go somewhere, I need to be, you know,
Helena Rouhe: Like this. What does that look like when do you know that you need a higher level here.
And
Jennifer G: When I'm spending all my money on it and like lying to myself and still using, you know, and
Jennifer G: Like the ring.
Helena Rouhe: And I'll be there anything before that. So before you're all in. Is there any kind of indicators that you're sliding
Jennifer G: And when I when my way is struggling as when I just can't stop thinking about it, or like I'm just trying hard to
Jennifer G: Get ahold of anything. And like right now that's like that the craving was just like unbearable. Like it's 24 seven
Jennifer G: You know, can I get anything, can I call somebody. What can I do, and like, That's not my thinking right now like that Griffin soon me from the minute I woke up until I went back to sleep. Like, can I get anything. And I wonder, you know, you know, and like that's not on my brain right now.
Jennifer G: And it hasn't been like that for a while helping God
Jennifer G: God, you like that.
Helena Rouhe: Great. Okay.
Helena Rouhe: So as far as
Helena Rouhe: Well before I go there, did you, you mentioned the Tuesday in the bike it in response when you're 18. Have you had any kind of chronic pain issues or no.
Jennifer G: Yeah, that was
Jennifer G: An issue I
Jennifer G: I have problems with my feet. I have really bad finance on both my my feet. And so I did have a surgery, I want to say four years ago.
Jennifer G: Somewhere when I was already using and they of course started giving me all the prescriptions and all that. And so it you know it was
Jennifer G: The first time I ever used when again if I can was at the hospital and they gave it to me because they might notice was broken.
Jennifer G: And that's what started the whole I liked it. You know, he felt good and you feel like you can get stuff done. And I did have pain then and then when I
Jennifer G: Started getting in trouble with my feet. Is this think, oh, you know, those, those helps so much. They're like magic. Oh yeah, that's
Jennifer G: And that's, I still have to have a surgery on my foot. And I won't do it because I don't even want to deal with that issue. I don't want to have to worry about that or you know
Jennifer G: Have to worry about getting off of those again. So I don't even want to
Jennifer G: Deal with that surgery is it's painful. The first one was agony.
Yeah.
Jennifer G: Okay.
Helena Rouhe: And then in regard to mental health. Have you ever had any therapy services and to kind of manage all these different stressors has ever been part of a support group or mental health group or individual sessions.
Helena Rouhe: Outside of the residential treatment. No. Okay.
Jennifer G: Now I have it in that. Yeah. Not at all. I've always been told, you know, you should
Jennifer G: Find some lenders and I never did it. Okay.
Helena Rouhe: Have you ever had any thoughts of
Helena Rouhe: hurting yourself or somebody else or any kind of self harm behavior.
Now, okay.
Helena Rouhe: And so, prior to the drama with your, with your husband. What was your family like growing up. What kind of childhood experiences. Do you feel like you had overall
Jennifer G: Oh, it was them. It was dysfunctional really bad.
Jennifer G: I, my mom.
Jennifer G: Left. My dad when she was pregnant with me and then they got married to, we, we were in Colorado. That's where I should have been born and raised and
Jennifer G: She left there to escape my dad and marry this guy from where I'm at now Victorville, California. And it was very dysfunctional and
Jennifer G: Growing up in that house. And the only thing I was told about my dad was that he was an alcoholic and he died when I was 20 he was 42 so I never met him and
Jennifer G: That is a big part of my life that I still deal with. And, you know, not being able to meet him or not ever meeting him.
Jennifer G: And
Jennifer G: Feeling like my mom like, did that purposely
Jennifer G: So that was the
Jennifer G: That was hard. Growing up because they my mom married him and had to my sisters are younger than me and they would they, Daddy, you know,
Jennifer G: They would have their family and I just felt like the outcast like I wasn't, I didn't fit in. And because I couldn't. I called him by his first name my whole life.
Jennifer G: So that was I always thought, why can't we be normal, like even looking around the house like it was. He's like a pack rat, so everything was just really like you know
Jennifer G: Just shit everywhere. And then you go to your friend's house and their houses normal like how I like my house just, you know, everything's in its place no clutter and that's how I like
Jennifer G: My house to be because I grew up in such cluttered mess. And just like hoarding basically. So yeah, I just, I, I, I didn't like him. Growing up, I didn't ever feel like a part of a family with with them. All right, like I fit in with them.
Helena Rouhe: Do you have any connection to your sisters now.
Jennifer G: No, not right now. Not at all. We live in the same city with just add and we don't speak.
Helena Rouhe: When was the last time you guys had it either. I should
Jennifer G: Probably about a year I spent about a year.
Jennifer G: And
Helena Rouhe: See what happened a year ago that you guys stop talking.
Jennifer G: It was it was right when I was going to make the decision to mainly leave my husband.
Jennifer G: And move to my mom's and they didn't want me there with my mom, even though she lives alone in their own house. She's had for years.
Jennifer G: And there's like four bedrooms there and they just had a big problem with me moving there. They didn't want me to even though they don't live there. It's, you know, they have their own lives.
Jennifer G: And so we got into an argument over that and I ended up not moving there and then not speaking to them again. So
Jennifer G: It's a big mess. There they were really against it, but like right now. My mom knew that like I needed somewhere to go and I'm not
Jennifer G: Like it took a lot for my own to trust me again because she knew she knows my issues.
Jennifer G: With addiction. So for me to be there. Now it's like I'm real because I thought she'd never let me step foot in her house again.
Jennifer G: So she sees you know and she's even commented that I she she sees that I'm doing way better. And, you know, with everything now. So she she's slowly starting to see
Jennifer G: That she can trust me and all that. So I'm glad.
Jennifer G: I wasn't speaking either. So that was hard.
Jennifer G: Yeah, so I don't know the repair with them were just so different. Yeah.
Jennifer G: Well, I don't know.
Helena Rouhe: There's a lot of things you need to take care of first before you start learning about them.
Jennifer G: Mm hmm. Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: So in terms of long term relationships were you in any other kind of long term relationships prior to your cousin.
Jennifer G: Not long term like this. Now, I mean I had when
Jennifer G: When I was about 18 for about three years. Two years, but it wasn't. I mean, I guess as long, but it was just
Jennifer G: We were just both partying and drinking and just fighting on stuff. So I got him out of my life. It was a bad situation. It wasn't no good. So yeah, that's about it. And then I met him, and we
Jennifer G: See it was 19 years total we were together. So three before we got married and you know so that was the longest. Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: And how many children do you have with us.
Jennifer G: We have twins and they're about to be 14 so that
Helena Rouhe: And all the turmoil with the custody and all of that. Correct.
Helena Rouhe: But if you are you experiencing kind of some turmoil with the custody and being able to see down and
Jennifer G: All of that. Yeah. Yeah. That's a big issue right now and they
Jennifer G: Because of their age 13 they
Jennifer G: Died. And I got, like, I call it brainwashed by what he, my husband was saying to them about me and he was using my addiction against even though, like he knows I haven't
Jennifer G: You know, I don't know, I, I've been doing my better and them. So use that against me. It is so unfair. So they, you know, and then he basically live with me live with me. And so that's what they
Jennifer G: Said they want to do. And even though the quarter says they're supposed to live with me and they right now. Don't they live over there with him.
Helena Rouhe: And when, how often do you get a chance to see them or how
Jennifer G: Am I, I've been seeing them. Let's see Saturday's about three days a week and staying with them and seeing what St overnight with them. So it's been okay and we're slowly rebuilding to because they were
Jennifer G: Having they had a hard time with it. The worst period they. It was awful. They hated it. They are mad. They're upset.
Jennifer G: And I've never been through that. I don't know how am I know I can't imagine you know what they went through. So
Jennifer G: I'm slowly rebuilding with them right now to barely because they would hardly text me back or even when I go anywhere, do anything but now
Jennifer G: You know they act more like themselves again with me. Like, I think they didn't want to like let him down that the poor guy that got
Jennifer G: You know the monster that ruined his life was me is how they saw me during the divorce and they even said things like
Jennifer G: You know you are never abused you know you're just you're you pretend to be a victim to try to put that in jail. And I know that's what they were told, because I never
Jennifer G: Talk about that with them. And so they told me that. And so that's how they see things that I was the monster who ruined everything in the marriage.
Jennifer G: So I don't even like bringing that up. Like, let's just go forward, but I just hate that they pretty much think they grew up seeing that go down and
Jennifer G: fistfights and shit with for a long time, they grew up with it site. I'm worried like, they're obviously going to think that way to fight with your husband or wife, whatever. And I worry about that a lot. They think
Jennifer G: You know, they think that that's okay. That's the way it's
Jennifer G: It happens so
Helena Rouhe: Do you guys have any so you're staying with them with your ex husband on the weekend.
Jennifer G: No, no, no, they stay with me at
Helena Rouhe: My mom. Okay, good. Yeah, yeah. At first, they would go
Jennifer G: Yeah, they wouldn't go. Um, but now they're like, okay.
Helena Rouhe: You know, we make it fun for them.
Jennifer G: And stuff. And yeah, so finally efforts. Now, I wasn't even seeing them. I'm just talking on the phone or yeah so much better now. It's slowly coming back together. Good. It just bothers me to death that they don't live with me. Yeah, yeah, understandable.
Helena Rouhe: So, legally, everything is closed out. Do you have any open legal cases or anything open or pending in the course.
Jennifer G: Yeah, no, it's all done and we filed in May. So it was final the end of December, THE DIVORCE IS FINAL and in that it was all the spousal support and all that.
Jennifer G: And then I get, and he does pay me every week he gets paid so he pays me every week and whether we're hating each other or were cold. He has paid me since day one. And I wasn't sure how that was going to go you know if he was going to actually do it, but he does do that so
Jennifer G: Yeah, so that's okay if that's been going smoothly.
Helena Rouhe: So that unable to pay your bills but
Helena Rouhe: Getting a dog will definitely make
Jennifer G: Oh, yeah.
Jennifer G: My mom and
Jennifer G: Yeah, my mom's friend is for me. It's basically takes up all the money and he gives me
Jennifer G: And so it's been tough. Like, I still like like right now. Like, I was like, if I was using I'd be so broke. Like I have like 60 bucks in my wallet and that's rare, though.
Jennifer G: Like I'm saying it's a little, little, you know, here and there, but I can't. If I start working. I'll be able to like get a card and pay for insurance and stuff. I want to start saving. But that's impossible.
Jennifer G: With the rent and how little I get paid. So, but, yeah, it'll start coming together like I'll feel more normal and just them back on my feet. I just can't stand. I feel like a kid living at home like because she's very strict my mom drives me crazy.
Jennifer G: Like she watches over me like I my kids still and it just drives me insane like
Jennifer G: And I know she worries about me using but I'm like I'm not like I am trying to prove that to her and I am I know she's but she's just like that she has always been like that like real strict and so it's just it's just hard to live with it but I manage I deal with it.
Helena Rouhe: Um, how far did you get in school.
Jennifer G: I graduated in 93 and I started college but I quit.
Jennifer G: I had my daughter went right out of high school, a year after I graduated I got pregnant. So I had her when I was 21 so yeah that I didn't. I never went back to school.
Helena Rouhe: Oh, it's not for everybody. I think it's great schools are getting specific certification makes more sense these days anyway. Do you have kind of big picture plans as far as their people thinking about
Helena Rouhe: Once you get through the census job. Is there something else you'd like to start working on are working towards
Jennifer G: Yeah, I am.
Jennifer G: I have two fields. I'm really interested in, and if not, like, at least get my foot in the door and
Jennifer G: That's, I was thinking about to like this job is temporary. I gotta keep reminding myself that it is only temporary. And that I still have to you know this. This is a bit. I have to find something else. And I, I have two different fields. I'm interested in, like, I love the law field like
Jennifer G: When I was little, I wanted to be a lawyer. That's what I my dream was I just look
Jennifer G: At all of that. And I was like, Well, maybe I can start applying or finding I've already like, there's men out there right now. Like, just as a receptionist. Maybe the law office.
Jennifer G: Just to get my foot in the door and maybe start going to classes or something. And then I also love doing hair, makeup, all that stuff. So I'm like, cosmetics,
Jennifer G: Something that you know and so I wanted to look into both those because yeah now that I'm older already but I you know i i don't want to work at Target the rest of my life and make minimum wage.
Helena Rouhe: To target while you're working on other stuff to work towards something
Helena Rouhe: Good forever. I have kind of short term and long term goals. So that was thinking about kind of next them.
Jennifer G: Right yeah yeah yeah cuz i mean i the longest job I had was that a bang and I work there 10 years and I did. I like that a lot. But they were turning into more of a sales like
Jennifer G: I felt like I was a salesman and not working at the bank and other than that, I love the job, you know, you just
Jennifer G: It's cool. You work with all the money if cashback it. I'd love to, but the sale. Like if you didn't get four sales a day they pressure you and
Jennifer G: And say, you're going to get fired. If you don't, you know, open more taking a Kansas like people are broke. They can open accounts. What do you want me to do. And there's no foot traffic. So it was really stressful working is so stressful. So
Jennifer G: I can't work at a bank again like for forever because of the sales thing. I don't want to be a salesman, but I do like working with the public and
Jennifer G: I've always worked with before that. When I was younger I worked at cashier job so I'm I know how to do it. I know you know and I don't mind it. I like it. So I, I would love to work in the like as the receptionist or start there at the law firm or something.
Jennifer G: That'd be really cool.
Jennifer G: So yeah, that's my what the two things I like to do and what I want to pursue but
Helena Rouhe: In the long run over some
Helena Rouhe: Things we need to check up on his life goes on here.
Helena Rouhe: So we're going to be following up on your support groups. We're going to be
Helena Rouhe: Following up on how things are going with the job and
Helena Rouhe: I think they're kind of just going in day to day life and how you're doing. If you how you're managing kind of the daily stressors, what comes thank you doing to take care of yourself.
Helena Rouhe: Maybe what are some things that you're engaging in that, you know, maybe it's not the most helpful. So that's kind of stuff will keep
Jennifer G: Following up on. Yeah.
And then
Helena Rouhe: You're currently living with your mom is anybody else in the household with you or is it just you and your mom.
Jennifer G: Now just me and her. Okay. Okay. Yeah.
Helena Rouhe: So the only other two other things I wanted to go over with you. Do you have a union gospel mission in your area buying chance
Jennifer G: You
Helena Rouhe: Order them union gospel mission you g m is kind of the big sizing.
Jennifer G: Nothing. I remember, but I can
Helena Rouhe: Look it, so I, I'd like you to look because they specialize in working with people who struggle with domestic violence situations or, you know,
Helena Rouhe: The
Helena Rouhe: Kind of, you know, unhealthy family environments with the very least.
Helena Rouhe: Right. I think that if you can find a support group with them, that that would be something that would be. Additionally,
Jennifer G: Supportive for you. So maybe
Helena Rouhe: Take some time, and I'd like for you to see what you can find out there in terms of that because be nice for you to have that as well. You're
Jennifer G: Okay, you're
Helena Rouhe: Okay, this environment and then
Helena Rouhe: And then the other thing I'd like to talk to you about. I sent out an email earlier, but I know you've been kind of tooling around visiting people
Helena Rouhe: The Thursday group. Dr. PACHTER is going to be taking that over, but he's not going to be available to actually attend the group until April like mid April. So we're going to move you guys over to Monday at seven.
Jennifer G: Oh, starting next
Helena Rouhe: Week for sure, but next week I'm meeting with you and I'm meeting with one other person in group and so
Helena Rouhe: It may be that we don't need to meet this week for group. So I wanted to see what your thoughts were, if we don't have group. This week, you have, I think you mentioned last week that you have a support group that you could attend instead on Thursdays at seven. Is that correct,
Jennifer G: Yes, yes I can.
Jennifer G: Okay. Okay, so
Helena Rouhe: If you can look at your emails and kind of keep track of that I will let you guys know if we're going to actually have group this Thursday. But if you have other ways to get support and because we've had this session.
Helena Rouhe: Maybe what we'll do is not meet the Thursday. And I'll just plan on seeing you in group next Monday at seven o'clock.
Jennifer G: Okay, yeah, they can
Helena Rouhe: Keep an eye on will do
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, and then we'll do Mondays at seven that'll be your group for now and we may end up not having the Thursday group because it's just not
Jennifer G: Gonna work logistically
Helena Rouhe: And we'll just switch it over to Monday at seven. Will that work for your schedule as you know it right now. I know you don't
Jennifer G: Know, yeah. Yeah. And what I can do. If you guys want to keep me on Monday nights. Dr. Group, I can just go into when I start work or whatever that I need Monday nights free for that. Okay.
Jennifer G: Let me, let me plan on that.
Helena Rouhe: Because I know I because you have weekly attendance and I want you to be able to see Dr factor on a regular basis. Let's go ahead and have you plan on
Helena Rouhe: Starting next Monday, March 16 you're going to start attending the Monday group at seven and then the only thing we need to be aware of is this Thursday. And I think we're probably going to end up canceling it, but I'll let you know for sure via email steps. Okay.
Jennifer G: Okay, yeah, that sounds good.
Jennifer G: Okay night, we'll do next Monday.
Jennifer G: Yeah, okay. Correct.
Helena Rouhe: Next Monday, and do you are you okay on men. Do you need a refill.
Helena Rouhe: Before then,
Jennifer G: I got a text last night that it was ready so I
Jennifer G: Thought, probably. I'm assuming this week Smith. So after that, I, I may have one left or. That's it. But right now I'm good. Yeah, for at least another week or two. So,
Helena Rouhe: Okay, so the, let me just one other thing I said I want to just double check that the email I sent I sent it to ruin baby 75 at gmail.com is that your email.
Jennifer G: Yeah, okay.
Helena Rouhe: All right, perfect. So you should have the email just saying, hey, we may end up canceling the Thursday, but please plan on attending Monday, so
Helena Rouhe: You have some information.
Helena Rouhe: In your inbox. And then, I will send you a confirmation if in fact we're canceling this Thursday, but definitely plan on being in group next Monday.
Jennifer G: Monday.
Helena Rouhe: And you'll attend you know virtual clinic half an hour ahead of time.
Helena Rouhe: Okay, okay.
Helena Rouhe: All right, I think we won't schedule another individual just yet. Let's get, let's make sure your work schedules all squared away. Let's get you with, you know, connected to the new group day and time and then we'll kind
Helena Rouhe: Of see where things are at. And then if we need to, we can do more individuals. If that works for you.
Jennifer G: Okay, yeah, that sounds good.
Jennifer G: Sounds like okay
Helena Rouhe: Anything else you want me to be aware of or that I missed or any other big picture items before I let you go today.
Jennifer G: No, that was a really good I am. I met the doctor and I like him so far.
Jennifer G: Okay.
Jennifer G: Perfect.
Helena Rouhe: All right. Super.
Helena Rouhe: Then I'm glad we could make this work. I'm sorry I couldn't see. But at least this way we could
Jennifer G: Get
Helena Rouhe: Some frothy information and
Helena Rouhe: Yeah, see you next Monday. For sure.
Helena Rouhe: And maybe this Thursday, but I'll let you know.
Jennifer G: Okay, great.
Helena Rouhe: Thank you so much. All right.
Jennifer G: Thank you. Have a good day here. Yeah.
Bye.